src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/MyResource.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/MyResource.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/MyResource.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/MyResource.java:23:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:3:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:3:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:3:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/TestingDebug.java:4:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:16:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:18:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:20:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:22:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/data/DataClass.java:24:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/AccountResponseMapper.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/CarMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/CarMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/CarMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/CarMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/DateTimeMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/DateTimeMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/DateTimeMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/DateTimeMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/JoinRequestMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/LocationMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/LocationMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/LocationMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/LocationMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageMapper.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/MessageResponseMapper.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingMapper.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingResponseMapper.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RatingResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportDetailResponseMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/ReportMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:26:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideMapper.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/mapper/RideResponseMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/AccountRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/JoinRequestRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/MessageRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RateAccountRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:26:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:26:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/request/RideRequest.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AccountResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/AddMessageMidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CarResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CommentsAboutDriverResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateAccountAidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/CreateRideRidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/DateTimeResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/JoinRequestJidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/LocationInfoResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/MessageResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RateAccountSidResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RatingResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ReportResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:29:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like commentsAboutDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideDetailResponse.java:29:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like commentsAboutDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/RideResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportDetailResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/SingleReportResponse.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewAccountsResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:17:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRidesAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:17:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRidesAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:19:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRatingsAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:19:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRatingsAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like averageRatingAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like averageRatingAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewDriverRatingsResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewMessagesResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewReportsResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:19:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRatingsAsRider
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:19:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRatingsAsRider
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like averageRatingAsRider
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like averageRatingAsRider
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRiderRatingsResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/dto/response/ViewRidesResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/DataNotFoundException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ExceptionResponseMaker' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ExceptionResponseMaker' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'instance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'errMessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:16:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:16:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:16:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/ExceptionResponseMaker.java:16:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataInvalidException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:14:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/FieldDataMissingException.java:14:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/DataNotFoundExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataInvalidExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/FieldDataMissingExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonParsingExceptionMapper.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/JsonbExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:15:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/NullPointerExceptionMapper.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'uriInfo' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/exception/mapper/ProcessingExceptionMapper.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'exception' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	DataClass: The class 'Car' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=25)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	DataClass: The class 'Car' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=5, WMC=25)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Car
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:10:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Car
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'make' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'make' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:19:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:19:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:29:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:29:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:39:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:39:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'plateState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'plateState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:49:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:49:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'plateSerial' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'plateSerial' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:59:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Car.java:59:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:16:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:16:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:26:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/DateTime.java:26:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ErrorMessage.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	DataClass: The class 'JoinRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:13:	DataClass: The class 'JoinRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=12)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:23:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:23:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:30:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:30:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/JoinRequest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:18:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:18:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:28:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/LocationInfo.java:28:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:18:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:18:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:25:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Message.java:25:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:13:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:13:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:20:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:20:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:27:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:27:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:34:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Rating.java:34:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Report.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:13:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ReportDetail.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'Ride' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'Ride' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=21)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Ride
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:14:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Ride
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:21:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:30:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:30:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:37:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:37:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:44:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:44:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:51:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:51:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxPassengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'maxPassengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:58:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:58:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:63:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:63:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like amountPerPassenger
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'amountPerPassenger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'amountPerPassenger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:65:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:65:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conditions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'conditions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:72:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/Ride.java:72:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:15:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like User
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:18:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:27:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRidesAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:27:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRidesAsDriver
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:35:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:35:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:61:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:61:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:71:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:71:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:81:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:81:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'picture' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'picture' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:91:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:91:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:101:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/User.java:101:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewAccounts.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewMessages.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewReports.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/models/ViewRides.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:32:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:32:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:34:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "aid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "aid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:82:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:82:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:98:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:107:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:107:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:107:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/AccountResource.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:19:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:19:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:21:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reportFilterBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/ReportResource.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'reportFilterBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:35:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:35:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:35:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the repo field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:37:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:44:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "rid" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "rid" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:60:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:67:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:70:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:72:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:72:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:80:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:81:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:81:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:91:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:91:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jidStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchJoinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchJoinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'midResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'midResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:117:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:117:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'midStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'midStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:128:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:128:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/RideResource.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/resources/beans/ReportFilterBean.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:26:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	ImmutableField: Private field 'usersMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:28:	ImmutableField: Private field 'usersMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:29:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aidResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCreated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCreated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:57:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:61:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:61:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCreated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateCreated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:62:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:62:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:72:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:75:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accounts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accounts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userAccountsWithMatch' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userAccountsWithMatch' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userAccountsWithMatch
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like userAccountsWithMatch
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:80:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newKey' (lines '81'-'92').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newKey' (lines '81'-'92').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:81:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:90:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:90:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accounts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'accounts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:91:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:91:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userAid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userAid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userFN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userFN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:96:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userLN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userLN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:97:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userPN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userPN' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userPic' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userPic' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:100:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:100:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:105:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:105:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ratingRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ratingRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:116:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userReceiver' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userReceiver' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:124:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userSender' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'userSender' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:126:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:126:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:128:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:130:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:133:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:134:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:134:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:143:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:143:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideCreatorId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideCreatorId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:151:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:151:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:151:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:151:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'riders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'riders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:157:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:158:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:158:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:164:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'driversRating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'driversRating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:171:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:171:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:173:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridersRating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridersRating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:178:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:178:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:183:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:183:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:185:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:188:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:188:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:190:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:193:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:193:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:194:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/AccountService.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:23:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'reportsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'reportsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:26:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesPostedReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:31:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesPostedReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesTakenReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesTakenReport' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reports' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reports' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:46:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:46:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportsResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportsResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:47:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportForRidesPosted' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportForRidesPosted' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:57:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reportForRidesPosted
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:57:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reportForRidesPosted
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:58:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:58:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportForRidesTaken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'reportForRidesTaken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:60:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reportForRidesTaken
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:60:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reportForRidesTaken
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:61:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:61:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'endDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'endDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getReportForRidesPosted(int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getReportForRidesPosted(int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:65:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '74'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '74'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '75'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '75'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '77'-'108').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '77'-'108').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:80:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:81:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:82:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '84'-'84').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '84'-'84').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '84'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '84'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fromZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fromZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '85'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '85'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'87').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'87').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'97').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'97').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '87'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'99').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'99').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '89'-'117').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:104:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:104:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '108'-'108').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '108'-'108').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:114:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:114:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'endDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'endDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'startDate'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getReportForRidesTaken(int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getReportForRidesTaken(int, String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'report' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '128'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '128'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:128:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:129:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '129'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:129:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'end' (lines '129'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '131'-'163').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:131:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '131'-'163').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:134:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:134:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:135:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:136:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '139'-'139').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '139'-'139').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '139'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fromZip' (lines '139'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fromZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:139:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fromZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '140'-'140').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '140'-'140').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '140'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toZip' (lines '140'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toZip' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'142').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'142').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'152').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'152').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:142:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '142'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'144').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'144').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'154').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'154').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMatch' (lines '144'-'172').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:147:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:147:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:151:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:159:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:159:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:159:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '163'-'163').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRides' (lines '163'-'163').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:167:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:167:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:168:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:169:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:169:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:170:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:170:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:185:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:185:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:185:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'end' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:191:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:191:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:193:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:193:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:198:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/ReportService.java:198:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:32:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'ridesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	ImmutableField: Private field 'joinRequestsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:35:	ImmutableField: Private field 'joinRequestsMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	ImmutableField: Private field 'messagesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:36:	ImmutableField: Private field 'messagesMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	ImmutableField: Private field 'usersMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:37:	ImmutableField: Private field 'usersMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:45:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:59:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:70:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:70:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:77:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:77:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:96:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:96:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:99:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:100:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:101:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequestReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequestReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:104:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'jid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:113:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideJoinRequests' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideJoinRequests' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:129:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:131:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like patchRideRequestConfirm
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like patchRideRequestConfirm
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchRideRequestConfirm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchRideRequestConfirm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:138:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:141:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:142:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmRidePickup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmRidePickup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'aid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:150:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rider' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:153:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:153:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'driver' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'driver' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:155:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:156:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:158:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:159:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:161:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:166:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:167:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:167:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'riders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'riders' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:172:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:172:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:177:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:177:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messageRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'messageRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:181:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:182:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:186:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:188:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:188:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:189:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:189:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideMessages' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rideMessages' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:199:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:199:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:204:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:204:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:206:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:206:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:209:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:209:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:212:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:213:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messagesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'messagesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:214:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:217:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:218:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:218:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:221:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:232:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:233:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:233:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:236:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '237'-'250').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '237'-'250').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:237:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:238:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:239:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:239:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:247:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:248:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:249:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:249:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:252:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '253'-'266').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '253'-'266').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:253:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:254:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:254:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:263:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:264:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:264:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:264:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:265:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:268:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '269'-'282').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '269'-'282').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:269:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:279:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:280:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:280:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:281:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:281:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:284:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:284:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '285'-'296').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '285'-'296').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:285:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:287:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideFrom' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:293:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:293:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:294:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:294:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:295:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:295:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:298:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '299'-'310').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '299'-'310').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:299:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:300:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideTo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:308:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:308:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:309:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:312:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:312:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '313'-'324').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchedRides' (lines '313'-'324').
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matchedRides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:313:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:315:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentRideDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rides' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:322:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:322:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ridesResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:323:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/RideService.java:323:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'AccountException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'AccountException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isReceiverRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isReceiverRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSenderDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/AccountException.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSenderDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ReportException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ReportException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/ReportException.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RideException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RideException' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:11:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ride' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'joinRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchRideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchRideRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmRidePickup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmRidePickup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/RideException.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'AccountValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'AccountValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:10:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'invalidMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'invalidMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charArr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneRegex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'phoneRegex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:37:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:37:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:42:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:43:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/AccountValidation.java:43:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'JoinRequestValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'JoinRequestValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:11:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'passengers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ridId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ridId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rid' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:18:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:18:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:31:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:31:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rideConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:37:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:37:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ride' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:43:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:48:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pickupConfirmed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:49:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:49:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'jid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchAid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'patchAid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'joinRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/JoinRequestValidation.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'MessageValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'MessageValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:15:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/MessageValidation.java:15:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RatingValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RatingValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:10:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:34:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sentById' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:40:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isReceiverRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isReceiverRider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSenderDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSenderDriver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:53:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:53:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:53:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:53:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:56:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:56:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:56:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RatingValidation.java:56:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ReportValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'ReportValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:9:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/ReportValidation.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RideValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'RideValidation' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:17:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:20:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'locationInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fromZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:34:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:34:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:40:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:40:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:45:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dateTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:51:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:51:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:56:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:56:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:61:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:61:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:66:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:66:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'car' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'car' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plateSlate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'plateSlate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:72:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:72:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:72:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:72:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:77:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'max' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'max' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:83:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:83:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatorOfRide' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:95:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'updatorOfRide' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existingRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'existingRide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:97:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/services/exceptionchecker/validation/RideValidation.java:97:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'DateCreated' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'DateCreated' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:7:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:10:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:10:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:10:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/DateCreated.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Location' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'Location' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aidStr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aidStr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'uriInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:12:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/Location.java:13:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'UniqueIdGenerator' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'UniqueIdGenerator' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/com/cs/iit/sar/utilities/UniqueIdGenerator.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
